Add CHANGELOG for 1.5.2. Update 1.5.1 and 1.5.0. (#433)
mongodb/libmongocrypt: CHANGELOG.md

# ChangeLog
## 1.5.2
### Fixed
- Fix datakey decryption requiring multiple rounds of KMS requests.
## 1.5.1
## Warnings

> - This release has a severe bug in the contexts returned by `mongocrypt_ctx_rewrap_many_datakey_init` that may result in data corruption. Please upgrade to 1.5.2 to use `mongocrypt_ctx_rewrap_many_datakey_init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This release has a severe bug in the context returned by `mongocrypt_ctx_rewrap_many_datakey_init` that may result in data corruption. Please upgrade to 1.5.2 before using `mongocrypt_ctx_rewrap_many_datakey_init`.
```

### New Features
- Update Java bindings to support remaining 1.5.0 API.

## 1.5.0
## Warnings

> - This release has a severe bug in the contexts returned by `mongocrypt_ctx_rewrap_many_datakey_init` that may result in data corruption. Please upgrade to 1.5.2 to use `mongocrypt_ctx_rewrap_many_datakey_init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This release has a severe bug in the context returned by `mongocrypt_ctx_rewrap_many_datakey_init` that may result in data corruption. Please upgrade to 1.5.2 before using `mongocrypt_ctx_rewrap_many_datakey_init`.
```
